Amrita
======

Welcome to the Amrita experience for GNOME 3!


Installing
----------

Make sure you copy (or symlink) this directory to a directory called "Amrita"
in ~/.themes/

Then, make sure you have the GNOME Shell Theme Selector extension installed.

Download it from:
http://fpmurphy.com/gnome-shell-extensions/themeselector-0.9.tar.gz

...and follow the instructions in its README file.


Using the theme
---------------

When done, restart gnome-shell by pressing alt-f2 and typing "r" and enter.
You will notice a flicker as gnome-shell restarts. When in overview mode,
there is a new "Themes" tab the top (next to "Windows" and "Applications").
Select "Themes" and then click on the Amrita theme to switch.


Updating the theme to a new version
-----------------------------------

You can update this theme to the latest-and-greatest version from git by
doing a `git pull` (if you checked out the theme using git). Otherwise, you
may download a new version from the downloads area on github.com.


Development
-----------

If you'd like to work on the theme (bugfixes, etc.), you're free to do so
under the terms of the LGPL. I accept patches and consider suggestions.

You also can fork the theme and make your own, based on the graphics and
CSS included in this one.

If you're going to make modifications for either reason, please note
that the CSS is generated by SASS. The SASS file is also in SASS format
(there's also SCSS format for SASS, but SASS is a little cleaner, without
curlies {} or semicolons ; as it uses indention). SASS is available as a
Ruby gem. 

You can edit the SASS file and have it automatically watch your directory 
and recompile the CSS by running the following command in the theme's
"gnome-shell" directory:

      sass --watch gnome-shell.sass

The SVGs are editable in Inkscape and are used directly by the theme, with
the exception of the app-hover.png, as its SVG is not rendered correctly
due to a bug in rsvg. Simply export the SVG from Inkscape.

When you're working on the theme, it's useful to know that you can press
the keyboard combination `alt-F2` to get the run dialog, then type `rt` to
reload the theme. This works for all CSS changes. If you modify graphics,
you will need to type `r` (and hit enter, just like with `rt`) instead.

If you make a mistake in the SASS file, the `sass` comannd will tell you.
(There are a few warnings, but that's just because I've left in IDs and
classes for future reference. SASS simply warns you that they're getting
compiled out to nothing in the CSS, since each is empty. Ignore these
warnings.)


Et cetera
---------

I hope you enjoy the theme, and be sure to give me feedback!

Get the latest version of the theme at:
https://github.com/garrett/gnome-shell-amrita

Report bugs and add feature requests at:
https://github.com/garrett/gnome-shell-amrita/issues

Thanks!
Garrett
